Are you sure this 200 million
The contract was won by your son
Affirmation and affirmation
Secretary Zhang told me personally
I brought out a major championship
That's why I 200 million contract
I am a mother who is worthy of children
Wife depends on husband
It really depends on people's length based on money
On the basis of status
Fortunately, I didn't talk to you in the first place.
Otherwise I would be like you
It's a cold-blooded and selfish breakup
What the hell are you talking to me about?
I hit you to help you, to make you see reality
I 200 million contract
Not brought to me by my excellent son
Is it you who lost money?
The goods and you, the trash, brought it to me.
It really made me laugh out loud.
This 200 million order was indeed brought to you by me
Otherwise, you think you don't have me.
Can you get on the line with Mr. Yang?
Wenwen is right
Your scenery today is brought to you by Wenwen
Liu Huixin, you are really blind
You don't recognize such an excellent biological daughter
You have to curry favor with someone else's son
Shut up!
You women are shameless at home
You gave me the contract
Why don't you go to heaven
You two didn't finish junior high school together.
I didn't finish high school.
Two illiterate people
Now run to me and tell me
The 200 million contract was given to me by you.
Let me ask you something.
Do you know how to write these two billion?
How many zeros are there after this billion?
And you know what?
These two billion are your lifetime
Money that you can't earn in eight lifetimes before and after the next life
And told me shamelessly
You gave me this contract
I knew you were so selfish
I will never let Mr. Yao get a visa with you
200 million orders
Haha, your eyes are addicted.
Are you just swollen and fat?
You are a rice bucket
You are a salt
A weak chicken rice bucket that can't grow at all
Hahaha
Ah!
Ha, pay attention
Stop talking to these two rubbish
Get them out of here!
Ouch.
Save our family from being humiliating again.
I'll count to three.
Get the hell out of here
Are you sure you want me to go?
If I get out, this teacher-teacher conference doesn't need to be held
Who is so cold
But leave the rhetoric here